feat: adds tutorial #2 for getting started with Atmos (#1)
cloudposse/tutorials: 02-atmos/README.md

# Tutorial #2: Atmos

> The code in this directory is an accompaniment to the [Getting started with Atmos](TODO) tutorial on SweetOps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this directory is an accompaniment to the [Getting started with Atmos](https://docs.cloudposse.com/tutorials/atmos-getting-started/) tutorial on SweetOps.
```
```suggestion
The code in this directory is an accompaniment to the [Getting started with Atmos](TODO) tutorial on SweetOps.
```
